=head1 NAME

Blosxom Plug-in: potd (picture of the day)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Randomly selects a photo that has been posted in the blog to be
the "picture of the day" (for an arbitrary value of day).  Provides
the template variables:

  * $potd::potd -- the URL to the POTD
  * $potd::potd_source -- permalink to the entry containing the POTD


=head1 VERSION

0+1i

1st test release

=head1 Customization

=head2 Configuration variables

C<$image_pattern> is a regular expression used to pick images which
may be candidates for the POTD.  The intent is typically to restrict
to images hosted in the same URL space as the blog, although the default
is simply any file with a jpg, jpeg, or gif suffix.

C<$from_pattern> and C<$to_pattern> are used to transform the original
url of the image in order to generate the POTD. This would typically
be used if you want to display full-size images in the main blog and
thumbnails for the POTD.  If either pattern is undef, no
transformation will be done

C<$cache_expire> is the frequency with which to pick a new POTD.  The
default is 1 day.  This can be set to 0 to disable caching and pick a
new image for each request.

C<$debug_level> can be set to a value between 0 and 5; 0 will output
no debug information, while 5 will be very verbose.  The default is 1,
and should be changed after you've verified the plugin is working
correctly.

=head1 AUTHOR

Kevin Scaldeferri (kevin+blosxom at scaldeferri dot com)
L<http://kevin.scaldeferri.com/>

=head1 BUGS

Probably; address bug reports and comments to me or to the Blosxom
mailing list L<http://www.yahoogroups.com/groups/blosxom>.

=head1 TODO

=over

=item * make img tag parsing more robust

=item * provide potd_alt containing any alt text for the image

=back

=head1 Giving Credit

The basic concept for this plugin was stolen from Tim Bray's "Ongoing",
L<http://www.tbray.org/ongoing/>

=head1 LICENSE

POTD Blosxom Plug-in
Copyright 2005, Kevin Scaldeferri

This code is released under the same license as Perl, namely the Artistic
License: L<http://www.perl.com/pub/a/language/misc/Artistic.html>.  (Note that this is different from the license which Blosxom is distributed under.)


